I know what you thinking
last thing this world what another 4x4
but if you've lived in my village
through the night and seen the raging
torrents that cut us off from the rest
of civilization I think we'd have all
been glad of something the size of the
entire ecological port aside let's see
how she does
Vauxhall claims the founder perfect
blend
between dynamics naivety we enjoy to
enjoy
and looking after the environment
figures are quite impressive a vehicle
of this size to return the mouse mcallen
figures that it does is that both going
as for the carbon I still don't
understand what that means
my good too
people like four-by-fours and they like
them because you can see you can see all
the hedges you can see over walls
they're practical they're comfortable
they've got loads of space this loads of
room in the boot there's lots of leg
room there's lots of headroom they are
nice vehicles to be in there may be
inappropriate taking the school kids to
Chelsea but then a bit if they are such
functional vehicles the engine is strong
and smooth as well as for the 4x4 itself
it only kicks in when you actually need
it we've just come along a gravel track
there and certainly you can feel the
front end start to drift on the ball
bearing like gravel so an event that the
four-wheel drive comes into play and it
just sorts out nicely for you that's got
to be a good thing
the engine turns out 150 PS it's smooth
usable power it kicks in from around 15
engine revs which is nicely down below
friend I'm an auto it cruises along
nicely 70 miles an hour
it's got about two and a half three
thousand threads on the clock you can
barely hear for those of you who are
going to be towing researchers towing a
nice boat or Caravan those bags of
usable power more than you could
possibly ask for it is a big vehicle no
doubt about it but it doesn't feel
unwieldy
I'm sure you'll be able to park it in
turn without any problems at all
particularly as it's got the part
reverse annoying bleeping noise which is
so useful when you come to park up the
interior is spacious and comfortable for
the driver and a maximum of four
passengers for the entire local County
where a cubbyhole scale or a gargantuan
Lord area made bigger still by dropping
the near symmetrically split seats
underneath the lower bare floor there's
also a useful storage compartment to
hide the valuables for prying eyes
there are three trim levels you've got
the e which is for the entry level for s
with a few more toys and you got the
full-blown SC remember all the things
you'd expect satellite navigation system
with all these features returners
managed to get the balance just right
between livid a Florida and very
comfortable dynamic
and that's the bottle